Updating testnet endpoints for Glif nodes (#309)
filecoin-project/lotus-docs: content/en/developers/glif-nodes.md

## Testnet endpoint

Testnet nodes using the [JSON RPC API]({{< relref "/reference/basics/overview" >}}) can use `https://api.calibration.node.glif.io/rpc/v0`.
- Only the _latest_ 2000 blocks are available on public endpoints. This is due to the limitation of [lightweight-snapshots]({{< relref "chain-management" >}}).
- `Filecoin.StateMarketDeals` operation data is available as a [direct link to an AWS S3 bucket](https://marketdeals.s3.amazonaws.com/StateMarketDeals.json). `StateMarketDeals` data is refreshed every 10 minutes.

- {{< alert icon="tip" >}}

> Also Testnet nodes follow RPC v1 via endpoint `https://api.calibration.node.glif.io/rpc/v1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `v1` JSON RPC API with `https://api.calibration.node.glif.io/rpc/v1`
```
